Forbid zip cluster with timewindows And used capacities (#407)
Mapotempo/optimizer-api: CHANGELOG.md

- Mapotempo github wiki is now directly part of the project [#351](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/351)
- Empty/Fill behavior changed so that the loads are naturally managed within optimizer-ortools [#370](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/370)
- Allow multiple rests with the same day index in periodic heuristic algorithm (`first_solution_strategy='periodic'`) [#273](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/273)

> - Conditions to benefit of `cluster_threshold` are more stricts. This avoids shifts out of feasible timewindows and capacity excesses. [#407](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/407)
> 
> ### Removed
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Conditions to benefit from `cluster_threshold` parameter are more strict -- to avoid time-window and capacity constraint violations [#407](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/407)

### Removed

- `force_cluster` option is removed -- `cluster_threshold` is applied only on supported cases [#407](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/407)
```
